Marking project as deprecated (#745)
Sylius/SyliusShopApiPlugin: README.md

<h1 align="center">Sylius Shop API </h1>

> [!WARNING]  

> > This project is deprecated. The new way of building APIs in Sylius is with [ApiPlatform](https://docs.sylius.com/the-customization-guide/customizing-api).

Reviewer: - Entry url for api should be https://docs.sylius.com/getting-started-with-sylius/using-api but it sounds good to reference customization guide as well
- I would rather call it `Sylius Api`, than `ApiPlatform Api`

```suggestion
> This plugin is deprecated. The new way of building APIs in Sylius is with [Sylius Api](https://docs.sylius.com/getting-started-with-sylius/using-api).
```
